[Docs] Proposal: Concept exercise style guide. (#970)
exercism/v3: docs/maintainers/concept-exercise-style-guide.md

> # Formatting and Style Guide for Concept Exercise Files

Reviewer: Could you add a link to this new document to the [_sidebar.md document](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/maintainers/_sidebar.md)?

> This document records the current styleguide applicable to Concept exercise Markdown files, which refer to the files contained in `.docs` and `.meta`. Please follow them when implementing a Concept Exercise; maintainers should also reference the Style Guide when reviewing pull requests. When the relevant language also includes a style guide, those preferences will take precedence over the ones here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document records the current style guide applicable to Concept exercise Markdown files, which refer to the files contained in an exercise's `.docs` and `.meta` directories. Please follow them when implementing a Concept Exercise; maintainers should also reference the Style Guide when reviewing pull requests. When the relevant language also includes a style guide, those preferences will take precedence over the ones here.
```

## Headers

 - Use level 2 headers, e.g. `##`
 - Do not use top-level headers, e.g. `#`
 - Do not use leading whitespace in the file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Empty Documents

If a document is empty, i.e. there is no `after.md` content, then do not check one in.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Links

> Exercism prefers "indirect reference" links. They are defined at the bottom of the Markdown file and mapped to a reference slug, and referenced by that slug in the text.

Reviewer: I think they're called [reference links](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.29/#reference-link). Maybe we can refer to the official docs:

```suggestion
Exercism prefers [reference links](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.29/#reference-link), which are defined at the bottom of the Markdown file, mapped to a reference slug, and referenced by that slug in the text.
```

This makes maintenance easier, since the link must only be updated once.

Example:

> ```

Reviewer: I like this example!

I have a paragraph of text that links to the same page twice. 

The [first link][indirect-reference] in one sentence. 

Then, another sentence with the [link repeated][indirect-reference].

[indirect-reference]: https://example.com/link-to-page
```

> Links should be inline where possible, i.e. as `<a href="">text</a>` tags instead of bare URLs. This is accomplished using the Markdown bracketed notation, as exemplified above.

Reviewer 2: It took me a couple of reads to understand this bit, maybe a "do this (example) not this (example)"?

Reviewer: I also found it a bit hard to understand. Could you explain what type of mistake you want to prevent people from making?

Author: Yeah, this isn't very clear. Will clean it up. I was primarily referring to not putting links behind text, i.e. leaving the whole URL in the text. An example would help a lot.

Reviewer: Okay great!

## Code

> Where possible and relevant, format code first as if it was being typed into a terminal, or if not applicable to your language, as if in a code file itself. Please reference the docs for your language, as they may have more information.

Reviewer 2: I think this would specifically be for examples of code that **we** will run. ie if we show an example of a function definition, I wouldn't want this, but if we were giving an example of the input/output of tests, then I would agree with this.

Reviewer: Agreed. So there are two cases for examples:

1. Code samples to illustrate how something works in a language (usually defined in the `introduction.md` file). These don't need any terminal prompt and such, as that will probably only distract from the actual code.
1. Code samples to show what a piece of code (usually a function/method) returns (usually defined in the `instructions.md` file). These examples would indeed benefit from the terminal prompt bit.

For example, Python has the REPL (read-eval-print loop), which allows a programmer to type code directly into a terminal, so we prefer formatting example code as if it was being typed into the REPL, with a leading `>>>`:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

>>> extract_message("[INFO] Logline message")
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Language Code Style

Please consult each language's docs folder for more information on the preferred style conventions for that language.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Miscellaneous

>  - Use dashed-style UUIDs in `config.json` files. e.g. `1234-5678-8901`

Reviewer 2: I suggest we link to https://www.uuidgenerator.net/version4

# Formatting and Style Guide for Concept Exercise Files

This document records the current style guide applicable to Concept exercise Markdown files, which refer to the files contained in an exercise's `.docs` and `.meta` directories. Please follow them when implementing a Concept Exercise; maintainers should also reference the Style Guide when reviewing pull requests. When the relevant language also includes a style guide, those preferences will take precedence over the ones here.

## Headers

 - Use level 2 headers, e.g. `##`
 - Do not use top-level headers, e.g. `#`
 - Do not use leading whitespace in the file.

## Empty Documents

> If a document is empty, i.e. there is no `after.md` content, then do not check one in.

Reviewer: The `after.md` file must always be there:

```suggestion
If a document is empty, i.e. there is no `source.md` content, then do not check one in.
```

[google-link]: https://google.com
```

Which renders as, "If you want some more information, [Google][google-search-link]".

## Code

Whenever possible, format code in a way that is most relevant to the environment it is being presented in. If available, please reference the docs for your language.

For example, Python has the REPL (read-eval-print loop), which allows a programmer to type code directly into a terminal. If a user was debugging some code, or running a function locally to test/observe how it works, they are more likely to use a REPL to do so, since it is more convenient to type interactively there. In this situation, we prefer formatting example code as if it was being typed into the REPL, with a leading `>>>`:

```python
# This is the expected output a student would see while testing a function they wrote.
>>> print(extract_message("[INFO] Logline message"))
'Logline message'
```

In other cases, it makes more sense to leave code formatted as if it was in a `.py` file. Here, the student benefits by being presented with something that mimics how they would write the code themselves.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```
